It's so good,
You are back, do you know about the company?
It’s been really hard on you these past few months,
I'm in trouble about the company's affairs.
I heard that you asked my brother,
Okay, below, I'm pretty good to you.
When you heard that the company went bankrupt, just ask my brother,
Now, it's not that big.
I think if you are looking for it, just remember it.
This works,
It’s just you and you who believed in Gou Dang
So you know it
It has been exposed that women can get married regularly
You'd better take a good look at yourself
Are you still a little older?
Hou Di Di is not necessarily at a loss, right?
Do you think you are still the one from the Million Group?
The aloof chairman
Don't talk to me in this tone
I'm afraid it will be difficult to cook automatically.